v0.3.0 release (#176)
elixir-toolshed/toolshed: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## v0.3.0

This is a major update in how the Toolshed source code gets compiled. If you are
calling any Toolshed functions in your programs, you may need to update the
calls. All enabled functions get compiled to be in the Toolshed module now.

* Backwards-incompatible updates
  * Removed file path completion. This was improved and added to Elixir 1.13.0
    in December, 2021.

>   * Moved all helper functions to `Toolshed`. There no longer accessible in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Moved all helper functions to `Toolshed`. They are no longer accessible in
```

    other modules. This should go unnoticed if you're using Toolshed at the IEx
    prompt.

* Improvements
  * `ping` - Changed `ping` command to use Erlang's relatively new support for
    sending ICMP echo requests. Previously `ping` made TCP connection requests.
    The old way is now available via the `tcping` helper. Thanks to @amclain for
    the ICMP update.
  * `ping` - `ping` and `tcping` repeat 3 times by default instead of repeating
    forever.  The new `:count` option can be used to repeat more.
  * `inspect_bits` - Added `inspect_bits` helper to easily print a number in
    multiple bases. It also handles negative numbers and gives hex and binary
    representations that are more familiar to those coming from languages with
    fixed size integers.
  * (Nerves-only) `poweroff` -Added helper to gracefully power off Nerves
    devices that support it.
  * `httpget` - Increased the timeout for downloads and added `:timeout` option
    to change it at runtime.
  * Nerves helpers are completely compiled out when not using Nerves. This can

>     be extend to remove or selectively enable helpers in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    be extended to remove or selectively enable helpers in the future.
```
